Although I am a high income earner at present, this has not been the case throughout most of my working life. Seventeen years we left well paying careers in the USA to move back to Canada and start a family in Penticton. 

Without the same career opportunities availabe in the Okanagan at the time, we worked in lower income brackets for many years. Then for eight of the last eleven years, I ran a startup technology company that I had co-founded. I kept my salary below market value in order to maximize the runway for our company and give it the best chance of success. Unfortunately, the board (including myself) was unable to bring the company to profitability due to challenges we faced with the technology we had developed, the volatile startup investor market and the pandemic. We eventually had to shutdown the company and did not recieve a return on our investment. 

As a parent, I have always been attracted to the program at Unisus, however, until I saw there were scholarships for the athlete-scholar program, it was untenable to enroll our children. Even with a significant scholarship, I will be taking money out of my retirement plan contributions to fund Levi's tuition. I also have plans to found a new AI based technology company that will require personal financing from myself. Lastly, as a proud Dad, I believe Levi has athletic potential and want to give him an opportunity to play at the NCAA level. I also believe he has a lot of STEM academic potential if he is given the right opportunities to grow.  